# galfit
Code for modeling galaxies using GALFIT. For most updated code, go to update 3.

Basic overview: stamps.py should be run first on raw data with the mosaic Hubble image and the regions file. The regions file getting read in is hard-coded so beware if using a different image. Pretty easy fix with guess and check. This code runs through all the Lyman-alpha emitters in the field and then cuts out a 100x100 pixel (for q2343 with f140, the scale is 1 pixel = .08") image. There is a part of the code that attempts to cut out the images on the edges of the mosaic and replace the nans with random pixel values obtained from the non-nan portion of the image. This is definitely rough, but it worked for the galaxies I was worried about, so it could be improved.

Call on terminal like $python stamps.py <raw fits file> <regions file>

Next: centroids.py This code takes in the stamps and attempts to find the centroids of the centers of the stamps. The centroid is basically the flux version of center of mass, so may be around max if single galaxy, but could be in the center of 2 - 3 if there are multiple galaxies in the center of one stamp. The box width for how the maxima are identified is hard-coded as well as the radius around the center where the centroids are allowed to reside. These can be played with to get different results from Galfit, but the ones I have in the file have worked best so far. This progam also gives a flux measurment by simply taking an aperture around the centroid and summing the pixel values. From this, using the photometric zeropoint (which will be different based on image so watch out), to obtain apparent magnitude measurements. This code also measures r50 and r70, which is the distances from the centroid where 50% and 70% of the flux is contained. So this uses the raw flux measurement mentioned above. Th
